Serial_Number	zh	en
001	然后医疗保险呢？就是我们家，不论是大人啊还是小孩都会去买一个保险	What about medical insurance? As for my family, either an adult or a child will buy insurance.
002	当他们买了保险的，按照保险合同的话，是要赔三十万的	For those who have insurance, according to the insurance contract, they will get a compensation of 300 thousand yuan.
003	需要意识到买了一个保险的重要性	Need to realize the importance of having insurance.
004	其实这种现象是真的很普遍，因为比如说你买一个人身意外险你那个你买的越多你那个保额就越多	In fact, this phenomenon is indeed very common, for instance, for personal accident insurance, the more you buy, the more you insure.
005	这代父母真的很有必要去买一个保险	It is really necessary for this generation of parents to buy insurance.
006	嗯，对现在就是说很提倡买保险	Well, right now, it's really advisable to buy insurance.
007	车一定要全款买，房子可以贷款买	A car must be bought in full, and a house can be bought with a loan.
008	可以去买保险，保险当然分为很多类	You can buy insurance, insurance is of course divided into many categories.
009	医疗保险还是很重要的	Medical insurance is very important.
010	就是保险公司来出这一部分钱	It's the insurance company that pays this part of the money.
011	相互宝，我不知道你有没有了解过，它是支付宝里面的一种保险	Xianghubao, I don't know if you ever heard about it, it is insurance in Alipay.
012	买房子其实也就是一个投资	Buying a house is actually an investment.
013	你有没有去了解过平安保险公司的培训啊	Have you ever learned about the training of Ping An Insurance?
014	如果要是存银行的话，利息利滚利是多少	If it is deposited in the bank, what is the outcome of the compound interest?
015	这个保险在西方国家已经很成熟了	This sort of insurance is very sound in western countries.
016	保险行业很多啊，你看它覆盖的面积特别广	There are many industries that insurance may cover, you see it covers a very broad field.
017	但是，其实也是在鼓励你买商业保险和人寿保险	However, it is actually encouraging you to buy commercial insurance and life insurance.
018	卖保险的都是靠的人脉	People who sell insurance all rely on their connections.
019	呃，你买的社保也是保险呀，然后你的车险也是保险呀	Uh, social insurance is as well insurance, and your car insurance is, too, insurance.
020	但是银行的钱，你如果是拿出来的话，属于是一种贷款	But the money from banks, if you take it out, is a kind of loan.
021	现在好像转向那个负利率	Now it seems to be approaching a negative interest rate.
022	借银行的钱，我真的没试过	I really have never tried to borrow money from a bank.
023	他是没有利息的，所以他就把它放出去，以后再收回来	He asks for no interest, so he simply lends the money and recovers it later.
024	如果是你征信不好的话，他也不会给钱你用	If you got bad credit information, he will not lend you money.
025	是他是贷款买的还是全款	Did he buy it through a loan or pay in full?
026	嗯，他们就是就是有时候办一张银行卡的时候，程序特别多	Well, they sometimes have a lot of procedures when applying for a bank card.
027	各种银行，还有五大银行	All kinds of banks, as well as five major banks.
028	国债券也算是证券的一种吗	Are treasury bonds a type of securities?
029	其实做股票的话嗯相它是算是风险系数比较高的	In fact, trading on the stock exchange itself is considered to have a relatively high-risk factor.
030	嗯收益不会太高就跟银行利率是差不多的	Um, the profit would not be very high, it is supposed to be around the interest rate.
031	然后就用来炒房用啊，等它升值了之后卖一套房，然后还清贷款，可能自己还赚了那个几十万	Then it is used for real estate speculation. After a house has been appreciated, sell it and pay off the loan. Maybe one could earn hundreds of thousands of money.
032	入投资入门的话，第一步就是说你要掌握基础知识	To get started with investing, the first step is to master the basics.
033	汇率的标价方式还有他的直接标价法和间接标价法	Pricing methods for exchange rates include direct pricing and indirect pricing.
034	它始终是一种投资的行为，投资的模式，投资的方式	Anyway, it is an investment behavior, an investment model, and an investment approach.
035	如果有闲钱呢买一套公寓来投资呢？	What if I have spare money to buy an apartment for investment?
036	变成资金，投资其他的方面	become capital and invest in something else
037	有了贷款就有了压力，也就有了挣钱的动力，这个我也认同	Having the pressure from a loan also means having the motivation to make money. I agree with that.
038	方不方便开通网上银行啊	If it is convenient to sign up for online banking?
039	那你上次投资的钱从哪来的	Where did you get the money you invested last time?
040	银行的政策的改变让他们不能贷款了	The changes in bank policies prevent them from lending.
041	保险公司呢它也有理财产品的	An insurance company also provides financial products.
042	好像我们那个保险公司是两点八的利息保底	It seems that our insurance company has a guaranteed interest rate of 2.8 percent.
043	所以很多人对保险很反感	Many people are disgusted with insurance.
044	他们宁愿把那个钱去存银行吃利息	They would rather keep the money in the bank for interest.
045	提前五年理财真好，因为理财本身就是一个很轻松的事情	It's great to start money management five years in advance because money management itself is very easy.
046	就是你把你的生活费支出的一小部分作一个储蓄	It means you take a small part of your living expenses as savings.
047	债券基金里这种基金的话，它是收益是比较稳定的，就跟存定期一样，但是比定期的钱要多	As for a bond fund, it offers a relatively stable profit, which is just like a fixed deposit but with more benefits.
048	它理论上可以开多少张这种承兑汇票	How many such acceptance drafts can theoretically be issued.
049	就是说我们每个人都应该有自己的理财方式，不管你是你理什么财不管你有多少钱	It means that each of us should have our way to manage money, no matter in which way, no matter how much money we have.
050	是啊，这个贷款再怎么说也要十年以上才能还清	True, this loan will take more than ten years to pay off.
051	投资创业是种非常很大风险的事情	 It is fairly risky to start a business.
052	等它升值的话，其实也是不错的考虑方向，也是一种投资手段吧	Actually, it is considered a good way of investment, to wait for the appreciation.
053	其实吧，他们的理财也是很值得我学习的	Actually, their financial management is also worth learning.
054	如果说理财是我们生活中必不可少的部分的话	if financial management is an essential part of our lives
055	比如说我以前就接触过很多什么理财的软件啊	For example, I have tried many pieces of personal financial software before.
056	它只是帮你把钱保管好可能，但是更多的投资是出于自己	It may probably just help you keep the money, but investment behaviors depend on yourself.
057	我相信的话一个好的理财的话是，嗯能改变自己生活质量的	I believe that good financial management can improve lives.
058	要买要买车买房啊，或者买一些其他东西，然后涉及到钱资金不够，然后肯定也要找银行贷款对吧	If you want to buy a car, a house, or some other things, while you don't own enough money, you will be asking for a bank loan, right?
059	它也不是说问题不大，就完全没有问题影响的，因为你自己信用信用额度，它不是根据你开了多少张信用卡	A small problem doesn't equivalent to no problem, because your line of credit is not based on how many credit cards you have.
060	比如说证券从业资格证，银行从业资格证	for example, the broker-dealer qualification certificate, the banker certificate
061	其实买保险呢，我觉得也是有好处的，你平时就当做是存钱嘛	Actually, I think buying insurance is also beneficial. You can regard it as saving money.
062	怎么样的才算理赔，什么样才不算理赔	What is a claim, what is not?
063	确定规划，然后选择合适的商业保险	Make a plan, and then choose appropriate commercial insurance.
064	税呀之类的大概五十万，首付五十万，然后要还二十年的贷款	With a tax of approximately 500 thousand yuan, a down payment of 500 thousand yuan, you have to repay a loan for 20 years.
065	而且保险这个覆盖面很全的	And this insurance has very broad coverage.
066	上到八十岁，下到八岁都可以投保	One aged up to eighty and down to eight can be insured.
067	保险就是越来越正规，越来越规范	Insurance has been becoming more formal and more standardized.
068	所以说呢，现在还是买保险的这个普及率啊，基本上已经达到了百分之八十以上	So, now the penetration rate of having insurance is basically over 80%.
069	因为在我们国家来说，保险起步的相对于西方国家来说确实比较晚	Because in our country, insurance started relatively late in comparison with Western countries.
070	他那个直接绑定那个银行卡的，信用卡或者是储蓄卡都可以	The one directly bound to the bank card, either a credit card or a debit card can be used.
071	就是在你投保的时候，你自己是不能有这些传染病的嘛	When you apply for insurance, you can't have these infectious diseases.
072	现在就是报销的比例提高了以后，加上这个商业保险，作为一个补互补	Now the reimbursement rate has been raised, plus commercial insurance as a supplement.
073	利息高达百分之一百五十以上的那种	that kind with an interest rate reaches 150% or more
074	从法律角度来看呢？保险又是一种合同行为	From a legal point of view, insurance is another contractual action.
075	慢慢接触以后我才发现，确实有必要就是入一份保险的，对于自己的孩子了什么的都是有一份保障	I slowly realized that it is indeed necessary to get insurance, which is a sort of security for myself and my children.
076	生育保险和基本医疗保险合并了	Maternity insurance and basic medical insurance are combined.
077	搭配保险是捆绑销售，其实可以自由搭配	An insurance bundle is a kind of tie-in sale, in fact, you can make a free match.
078	但是由于人的生命和身体价值难以估计，所以人身保险并不适用该原则	However, since it is difficult to estimate the value of human life and body, life insurance does not apply this principle.
079	保险事故发生被保险人所得的赔偿金，是由保险公司和被保险人共同分担	After an accident, the compensation the insured received shall be shared by the insurance company and the insured.
080	建立保险制度的目的就是为了对付特定危险事故的发生	The purpose of establishing an insurance system is to deal with specific accidents.
081	不在可保范围内，因此商业保险机构一般不承担此类保险	Not in the insurable range, so commercial insurance institutions generally do not underwrite this.
082	比如说你出交通事故，你撞到人了，然后需要赔付一定的金额	For example, if you met with a traffic accident, someone was hit, and you, therefore, need to pay a certain amount.
083	比如说很简单的一个例子，比如说发生了地震，火灾你觉得保险公司会给你赔付吗	For example, a very simple example, such as an earthquake or a fire occurred, do you believe the insurance company will compensate you?
084	具有盈利性商业保险是一种商业行为	Commercial insurance is profitable, and it is a commercial activity.
085	从法律意义上来说，保险是一种合同行为	Legally, insuring is a contractual action.
086	就是通过签订保险合同，明确双方当事人的权利与义务	Through signing an insurance contract, the rights and obligations of both parties are clarified.
087	被保险人以缴纳保费以获取保险合同规定范围内的赔偿	The insured pays premiums to obtain compensation within the scope of an insurance contract.
088	保险公司不会给你赔付任何的金额	The insurance company will not pay you compensation in any amount.
089	社会保险就是强制要交的五险一金	Social insurance means the five social insurance and the housing provident fund which are mandatory.
090	通过银行的基准利率的一个调整呢	through the change of the benchmark interest rate
091	嗯，发放贷款像给一些企业啊，房地产商啊	Well, issue loans to some companies, like real estate companies.
092	消费分期拯救了苹果百分之三十的市场份额	Installments consumption saved 30% of Apple's market share.
093	嗯一年的话，保费的话交多少钱呢	Um, how much will you pay for the premium for a year?
094	你家的车买的什么的保险	What kind of insurance does your car have?
095	但是保险公司会理赔呀	But the insurance company will settle the claim.
096	蚂蚁保险不止有车险，我看到上面也有各种。	Ant Insurance does not only offer car insurance, but I have also seen a variety of insurance.
097	但是买房子呢，除了一笔首款付下去之后，每个月的贷款相当于租金	However, when buying a house, except for the down payment, the monthly mortgage is equivalent to rent.
098	这种的投资性的理财，对于个人的财产来说，是具有一定风险	This kind of financial investment has certain risks for personal property.
099	如果说你的投资方向正确，那么它是远比存款这一方面要具有更大的优势	If your investment orientation is right, then it has a far greater advantage than deposits.
100	多一份保险就是多一份保障	One more insurance means one more protection.
