Dearest One,

With due respect  and humanity writing  you.  And i know that my mail will
come to you as a surprise. I have a proposal for you,this however
is not mandatory nor will I in any manner compel you to honour against your
will. Your LinkedIn  profile i saw in  internet  pushed me to send
you this mail, I am Veronica Nuhan, 26 years old and the only Daughter of
my parents.

My father was a highly reputable business man (a cocoa merchant) who
operated in the capital of Ivory coast during his days. It is sad to say
that he passed away mysteriously in France during one of his business trips
abroad on 12th.August 2021 Though his sudden death was linked or rather
suspected to have been master minded by an uncle of his who travelled with
him at that time. But God knows the truth!

My mother died when I was just 10 years old Since then my father took us so
special. Before his death on 12th.August  2021, he told me about
a box he concealed the sum of six million, five hundred thousand United
State Dollars.(USD$6,5million) deposited in one of the security
company's London united kingdom , which he disguised and declared the box
to contain family valuables instead of money, by this way the company does
not know the true content of the box. The deposit document which I have in
my possession carries my late father's name as the depositor, while
I'm the next of kin on the same  document

I am just 26 years old and a university undergraduate and really don't know
what to do. This is because I have suffered a lot of set backs as a result
of incessant political crisis here in Ivory coast. The death of my father
actually brought sorrow to my life.
Sir, I am in a sincerely desire of your humble assistance in this
regards. Your suggestions and ideas will be highly regarded.
Now permit me to ask these few questions:-

1. Can you honestly help me as your Daughter?
2. Can I completely trust you?
3. What percentage of the total amount in question will be good for
you after the money is in your account?
Please, Consider this and get back to me as soon as possible.
Thank you so much,

My Best regards,

Veronica